AAP-7106 - Create document for P1 Repository Management features (#1034)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/hub/assembly-repo-sync.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="repository-sync"]
= Repository sync

:context: repository-sync

[role="_abstract"]

> You can distribute relevant collection content to your users by synchronizing repositories from one automation hub to another. You should synchronize your custom repository with the remote to ensure you have the latest collection updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can distribute relevant collection content to your users by synchronizing repositories from one {HubName} to another. You should synchronize your custom repository with the remote to ensure you have the latest collection updates.
```

Author: Changed to attribute.
